Add second NF1 dataset and correct the images (#19)
WayScience/NF1_SchwannCell_data: 0_download_data/README.md

Cells: Schwann cells

Samples: Two genotypes of the NF1 gene, WT +/+ and Null -/-

Microscope: GE Deltavision Elite

Magnification: 20X

Bit-size: 16-bit

Number of images: 

- 96 images (Pilot dataset)

- 384 images (New dataset)

> Total memory: 

Reviewer: Is memory here a reference to storage size or in-process RAM utilization?

Author: Storage size! I can make that more clear.

- 212.9 MB (Pilot dataset)

- 204.2 MB (New dataset - post conversion and cropping)
```

## File Name Structure

> ![NF1 Pilot Data Metadata](example_images/NF1_Pilot_Data_Metadata.png "NF1 Pilot Data Metadata")

Reviewer: Would it make sense to clarify this file name structure as that of the pilot data and converted new data? I recognize this is found within the meta content of the image within markdown, but with a rendered image this may be more difficult to surmise. This comment is based on how I understood the section below `Issue with new dataset` - `2. File naming (metadata)` (which I may have misunderstood).

Author: hmmm okay maybe I can change the name to "Standard Metadata Name Structure". 

@d33bs Would that make it clearer in your opinion?

Reviewer: @jenna-tomkinson - thanks, this does sound more clear to me 👍

## Issue with new dataset

When comparing the pilot dataset and the second plate dataset, there were three big differences between them:

1. Image composition
2. File naming (metadata)
3. File extension/type

Firstly, the images from the second plate were RGB and contained a scale (Figure 1).

![new_dataset.png](example_images/new_dataset.png)

The images from the pilot dataset are greyscale (which is the standard), no scale, and are 8-bit (Figure 2). 

![pilot_dataset.png](example_images/pilot_dataset.png)

Secondly, since the code within this project relies on the metadata structure from the pilot data (see above), the second plate would not be able to run properly.

Thirdly, the images from DAPI channel in the new dataset are all `.jpg` and not in `.tif`, which is not consistent with the pilot dataset.
Both the Actin and GFP channel images are all `.tif` files.

## Solution

> This led to the need for a solution to correct the second plate dataset to reflect the standard from the pilot dataset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This led to the need to correct the second plate dataset to reflect standards from the pilot dataset. 
```

Author: 👍
